c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MainGame.exe
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MainGame.pdb
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\XMLData.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\XMLData.pdb
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\obj\x86\Debug\MainGame.exe
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\obj\x86\Debug\MainGame.pdb
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\spike.xnb
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.Content.Pipeline.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CppNet.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Nvidia.TextureTools.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpFont.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AssimpNet.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FreeImageNET.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ATI.TextureConverter.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PVRTexLibNET.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fontText.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level1.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level2.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\map1.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\map2.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\map3.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\map4.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\map5.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\portal.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level3.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\level1.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\level2.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level4.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\endpoint.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\win.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\restart.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\lose.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\back.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\1unit0.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\1unit1.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\1unit2.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\1unit3.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\2unit0.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\2unit1.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\3unit0.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Units\3unit1.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackGround\background0.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackGround\background1.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackGround\background2.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\meteor.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level5.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level6.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level7.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\data.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\level3.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\level4.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\level5.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level8.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackGround\background.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackGround\background3.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackGround\background4.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackGround\background5.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Levels\level9.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map\bullet.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Music-SoundEffect\BaseAfterBase.wma
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Music-SoundEffect\BaseAfterBase.xnb
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Music-SoundEffect\Click.wma
C:\Users\This\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Music-SoundEffect\Click.xnb
C:\Users\This\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\obj\x86\Debug\MainGame.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\This\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\obj\x86\Debug\MainGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\This\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalGame_Geometry_Dash\MainGame\obj\x86\Debug\MainGame.csproj.CopyComplete
